Documented support for diacritics (accents) in autocomplete @mentions (#5742)
mattermost/docs: source/channels/mention-people.rst

.. note::

>   - If you forget to mention someone in a message, editing the existing message to add an @mention won't trigger new @mention notifications, desktop notifications, or notification sounds.

Author: Great question! I don't believe so but well worth confirming with the Suite Users Team. CC @laneycs

>   - Mattermost supports mentions for name that include accents (also known as diacritics). Names like Zoë, Jesús, Sørina, François, Mary-Jo, Jokūbas, Siân, KŠthe, or Fañch are returned in autocomplete results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Mattermost supports mentions for names that include accents (also known as diacritics). Names like Zoë, Jesús, Sørina, François, Mary-Jo, Jokūbas, Siân, KŠthe, or Fañch are returned in autocomplete results.
```

>   - Mattermost supports mentions for names that include accents (also known as diacritics). Names like Zoë, Jesús, Sørina, François, Mary-Jo, Jokūbas, Siân, KŠthe, or Fañch are returned in autocomplete results.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Mattermost supports mentions for names that include accents (also known as diacritics). Names like Zoë, Jesús, Sørina, François, André, Jokūbas, Siân, KŠthe, or Fañch are returned in autocomplete results.
```
